[IMP] iot: 19.0 updates (#15509)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/iot/iot_advanced/ssh_connect.rst

To provide an :abbr:`SSH (secure shell protocol)` connection to an IoT box, you must generate a
password:

#. Open the IoT app, click the relevant IoT box's card, and click :guilabel:`Homepage`.
#. On the IoT system's homepage, click the :icon:`fa-cogs` (:guilabel:`cogs`) button at the
   top-right, then :guilabel:`Remote Debug`.
#. In the :guilabel:`Remote Debugging` popup that opens, click :guilabel:`Generate` and save the

>    password securely. Once you close the popup, the password will no longer be available.

Reviewer: ??? ☺️
```suggestion
#. In the :guilabel:`Remote Debugging` pop-up that opens, click :guilabel:`Generate` and save the
   password securely. Once you close the pop-up, the password will no longer be available.
```
